# Stock Predictor for Android using recurrent neural network(LSTM's) #

To “trade” in the jargon of the financial markets means to buy and sell. The workings of a system that can accommodate trading of one billion shares in a single day are a mystery to most people. Mow a days, computer algorithms are heavily used for such trading. Around 70% of all orders on the Wall Street are placed using such algorithms. I have always found these algorithms and softwares quite intreguiging and in this project am trying to make an application in which we predict the closing price of the S&P 500 using a special type of recurrent neural network called an LSTM network and have created an api using python and Flask. This api returns a JSON when some info is requested. For example is we need a prediction for Apple Inc. is required the client will make a request using a url like http://127.0.0.1:5002/Company/AAPL (Currently using the server on the local machine and AAPL is the company code for Apple Inc.).For the training of the deep learning algorithms I am scraping data from google finance.  Construction of such LSTM’s is not hard using the Keras and Tensorflow libraries. We use the highest, opening, closing prices of these stocks over a period of time to perform a time series analysis and predict the current prices for the same stock. This data is feed to the deep learning model that we have build using . Firstly, the model is initialized as sequential. For the first layer in this LSTM we set our inout dimension to 1 and output dimension to 50 units, then we add some dropout say 20%. Dropout helps us to make our model more generalized and helps us to avoid overfitting. Currently working on the front end part of this application to develop a portal in Android and Web using React. 
